https://codepen.io/slroberts/full/LYVeoxM

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML describes the purpose of the element.

2. What is HTML used for? 
Hypertext Markup Language gives meaning and structure to documents that 
are displayed in the browser via the World Wide Web.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Atributes are modifiers of HTML elements. We attached them to elements.
Ex. <section class="container"> -- class is an attribute.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is used to define the most important text on a page for example a headline. 
It should only be used once per page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Two tags that have required attributes are img and a tags.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
Information related to the document such as <title>, <meta>, <style>, <link>, <script>

7. What is an id? 
An id is an attribute that defines a unique identifier for an HTML element.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
A id attribute can be used on any HTML element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once.

10. What is a class? 
A class is an attribute in HTML that defines one or more class names for an HTML element.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
A class attribute can be used on any HTML element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As much as I see fit. There is no techinical limit.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Use the target attribute on the <a> tag with the value of "_blank" 
ex. <a href="#" target="_blank">My Link</a>.

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
the alt attribute is used to specify an alternate text for an image.
It is useful because it adds accessibility to your website, in a case where 
the image cannot be shown or if the user uses a screen reader.

15. How do I reference an id?
You reference an id with the "#" symbol followed by the id-name. ex. "#id-name"

16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
A <section> is semantic HTML meaning that <section> defines a section in the document 
where a div is generic with no semantic purpose.

17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS used to define styles for webpages.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
We select an element by calling the selector name in the CSS document.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used to indentify multipe elements in an HTML document while an id can only be used to indentify on element in the HTML document.
An example of when I might use a class would be to indentify elements in my HTML document that all have the same style ex width, height, border etc.
An example of when I might use an id would be to describe a unique element in my HTML document

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You select a class with the "." symbol followed by the class-name. ex. ".class-name"

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
We can use the class .human or more specific we can use p.human.

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector would be "parent > child". 
To select all elements that are a direct child of the parent element.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
You can select all links using div.sidebar > a.

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a 
special state of selected elements. For ex. :hover.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
We use line-height.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
We use letter-spacing.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
We use text-transform.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Shorthand - border: dotted 1px black; 
Longhand - 
border-style: dotted;
border-width: 1px;
border-color: black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
With the * selector.

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* Comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm <file> 
Because it gets deleted immediately without a warning or confirmation.

34. Why should I use version control? 
To keep track every individual change by each contributor to prevent 
conflicts with work such are overwriting master code.

35. How often should I commit to github?
Regularly, to keep track of changes to the code. 
So that in the event that bugs break the code you can revert back to an earlier version.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push <remote> <branch>

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
- fork repo
- add TL as collaborator
- cd into Lambda projects folder
- clone repo
- create branch under my-name
- switch to my-name branch
- get status
- add changes to stage
- commit with a meaningful message
- push changes to my name branch
- compare changes to master branch
- create pull request and add TL as reviewer


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Inline elements only takes up as much width as needed with the line
while block elements always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It is positioned relatively to the nearest position ancerstor. 
If it has no positioned ancestor, it uses the document body and moves along the page scrolling.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
display: inline

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Block
<header>
<section>
<footer>

Inline
<a>
<span>

Inline-Block
<button>

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
Box model is defined by the space, line and content elements in relation to the margin, the border, the padding and the content. 
They determine how every element is rendered in a web page as far as deminsions.

The fix for the box model is by setting the margin and padding to 0 
and changing the box-sizing to border-box.
margin: 0;
padding: 0;
box-sizing: border-box;
